The manager of that ride
Hmm
I would like to receive the department of the palette
Talk
Thank you
I have received So because
I feel like I belonged in 9
At first I did not have any activity especially for half a year
In that After standing half a year flatly it's such
nhk regular
Is decided
I AM TRYING
Aso punishment and Mr. Original
I was a glamor
Then I met the actor of that other mobile age
Say it might be interesting
There
Say that I met play
Feel
After that
The first time to go Toka acting lessons
The number in the Prince of the little Once the tennis
Stage of
Once in, the appearance is decided
It feels like it now
Even when the first stage of the stage is decided
Can not even song do not know the dance
By if can also play
Really of the dance I it was a Sparta teacher and duck
I couldn't do it alone
Bring bat
It is not a great threat but
Or says'll be ending you were next of
I think a little family when I go down
Remember desperately
But by body
Use your head
From the bottom
We have appeared on various other stages
Now the relationship between the depths of the play
That
I'm from various theater companies
Meet people
I think four times of my present
There is the Tteyuu
And I wonder if it has made in
I played with the club three times, but
Mitsuru Karahashi
2nd place
Have you been active recently at the center ?
Ultraman or something
Rider squadron
There are people who appeared in all
I feel quite bossy
Performed there, I directed there today and my friend is
Anyway, my basic skills are amazing.
The size of the voice is unusual
Swing fever and so on
After all the character is also wonderful wonderful
That unique shape
This person is amazing
I can not see the bottom
Maybe that's why I was interested in it
I can not see at all bottom I think the kana only such of
That person is head
So why say that this time the white of
When received
First sad Changa
With your mind in mind
The pain will be issued
However, if there is a squirrel about Ms.
Toka Naa I heard this
I thought so after all so maybe
Now
It is called a goal
Look near
I say that it was a lonely person
I have my exhibition